aws_securityhub list_members date format fixes (#18898)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-SecurityHub/ReleaseNotes/1_1_16.md

#### Integrations
- **AWS - Security Hub**

> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/boto3py3:1.0.0.29538*.
> - Fixed an issue where **list_members_command** failed due to response containing values of type datetime.

Reviewer: Get yourself familiarized with the documentation styling guidelines https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/documentation/release-notes#entity-styling
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***aws-securityhub-list-members*** failed to parse API responses that contained datetime objects.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/boto3py3:1.0.0.29538*.

```
